`azurerm_snapshot` adding `network_access_policy` and `public_network_access` (#25421)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/snapshot.html.markdown

* `incremental_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies if the Snapshot is incremental. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `network_access_policy` - (Optional) Policy for accessing the disk via network. Possible values are `AllowAll`, `AllowPrivate`, or `DenyAll`. Default: `AllowAll`.
> 
> * `public_network_access` - (Optional) Policy for controlling export on the disk. Possible values are `Enabled` or `Disabled`. Default: `Enabled`.
> 

Reviewer: For consistency with other properties, could we specify the defaults as below instead?

```suggestion
* `network_access_policy` - (Optional) Policy for accessing the disk via network. Possible values are `AllowAll`, `AllowPrivate`, or `DenyAll`. Defaults to `AllowAll`.

* `public_network_access` - (Optional) Policy for controlling export on the disk. Possible values are `Enabled` or `Disabled`. Defaults to `Enabled`.

```
